docs(oidc): faq refresh (#5254)
authelia/authelia: docs/content/en/integration/openid-connect/frequently-asked-questions.md

---
title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
description: "Frequently Asked Questions regarding integrating the Authelia OpenID Connect Provider with an OpenID Connect relying party"

> lead: "Frequently Asked Questionsregarding integrating the Authelia OpenID Connect Provider with an OpenID Connect relying party."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lead: "Frequently Asked Questions regarding integrating the Authelia OpenID Connect Provider with an OpenID Connect relying party."
```
